---
title: 'Misc'
date: 2022-03-07
permalink: /posts/2022/03/blog-post-2/
tags:
  - Chinese medicine
  - Physical facts
---
A collection of interensting papers.

### Ice and Menstruation
1. ***- Cold water has no negative impact on our health or menstrual cycle.***\
   ***- Cold water has no impact on menstrual cycle.***\
   ***- Menstruation is linked to the reproductive system, and drinking/eating is linked to the digestive system.***\
   ***- There is evidence however, that sugar intake and dairy products can lead to bloating and muscle contractions, which attribute to menstrual cramps.***
   * [Healthy Menstruation - UNICEF](https://www.unicef.org/timorleste/media/2376/file/Menstrual%20Hygiene%20Management%20-%20English%20.pdf)
   * [Can I Eat Ice Cream on My Period? - UCI](https://sites.uci.edu/morningsignout/2017/01/09/can-i-eat-ice-cream-on-my-period/)

### Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM)
1. ***The randomized, controlled trial design has distinct limitations when applied to traditional Chinese medicine (TCM), because TCM is holistic and conceptual, and it identifies and treats 'syndromes' rather than diseases.***
   * Tsang, Ian KY. "Establishing the efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine." Nature clinical practice Rheumatology 3.2 (2007): 60-61.
2. ***- Acupuncture and tai chi may help improve quality of life and certain pain conditions. Studies of Chinese herbal products used in TCM for a range of medical conditions have had mixed results.***\
   ***- Many studies have been of poor quality, so no firm conclusions can be made about Chinese herbal products' effectiveness.***\
   ***- Some Chinese herbal products have been contaminated with toxic compounds, heavy metals, pesticides, and microorganisms and may have serious side effects.***
   * https://www.nccih.nih.gov/health/traditional-chinese-medicine-what-you-need-to-know
3. ***- Researchers at the University of Maryland school of medicine in Baltimore surveyed 70 systematic reviews measuring the effectiveness of traditional medicines, including acupuncture. None of those studies could reach a solid conclusion because the evidence was either too sparse or of poor quality.***\
   ***- For most conditions, there is not enough rigorous scientific evidence to know whether TCM methods work for the conditions for which they are used.***
   * Cyranoski, David. "Why Chinese medicine is heading for clinics around the world." Nature 561.7724 (2018): 448-448.
